[HttpKernel] Add `MapSessionParameter` to map session parameters to controllers (#54458)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/HttpKernel/CHANGELOG.md

 * Add `HttpException::fromStatusCode()`
 * Add `$validationFailedStatusCode` argument to `#[MapQueryParameter]` that allows setting a custom HTTP status code when validation fails
 * Add `NearMissValueResolverException` to let value resolvers report when an argument could be under their watch but failed to be resolved

>  * Add `MapSessionParameter` to map an object to the session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `MapSessionParameter` to pass a session parameter to a controller argument
```

 * Add `NearMissValueResolverException` to let value resolvers report when an argument could be under their watch but failed to be resolved
 * Add `$type` argument to `#[MapRequestPayload]` that allows mapping a list of items
 * Deprecate `Extension::addAnnotatedClassesToCompile()` and related code infrastructure

>  * Add `MapSessionParameter` to pass a session parameter to a controller argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `#[MapSessionParameter]` to pass a session parameter to a controller argument
```
